
1. TEXT POST

Want to learn how to code? Oppia has a curriculum that suits you. Visit Oppia today.

Learn. Code. Build. Oppia has the best design to take you on this journey.
 
Just anywhere you are, you can learn without hassle on Oppia. With over 11,000 lessons to learn from, what can you expect? Maximum quality. 

You're are just a step away from learning the way you wanted. Take that step, browse through our explorations on Oppia. 
 
With over 38 languages, you know our goal is bringing quality lessons right up to you. 

Oppia enables anyone to easily create and share interactive explorations.

Begin your journey as a programmer, Oppia has an interactive exploration to get you started. 


LINK-BASED POST

Oppia has a dedicated collection of lessons called explorations. From computing, mathematics, and science to languages, humanities and social science. 

https://oppia.org/library

VIDEO-BASED POST
Please see attachment for video


LONG-TERM STRATEGY PROJECT PROPOSAL. 

Project Title: Influence of Social Media Influencers on Consumers Behavioural Pattern. 

Questions that would need to be fully researched are; 

a. Are consumers exposed to social media influencers messages?
b. Do social media influencers, influence the behavioural pattern of consumers?
c. What social media platform are consumers exposed more to influencers?
d. What other factors influences social media users. 

List of projects that would need to implemented are; 
a. Organized Facebook campaign
b. Targeted Twitter Users Campaign

The timeline plan to complete each of the project is 7 weeks.

CAMPAIGN
Focus: Facebook and Twitter

a. Identify potential social media influencers that fits likely to the niche of oppia.org.

b. Identify and define target audience; with dedicated posts for each category.

c. Increase traffic to oppia.org from Facebook and Twitter with up to 30% engagement rate.

d. Share a minimum of 4 posts per week on Facebook and Twitter. With more than 1 post daily.

e. Increase followers on both Oppia's Facebook and Twitter page.

f. Increase social media engagement and conversion to more than 30%.. 

METRICS

a. There would be a minimum of 4 posts per week, with a frequency of two posts daily. 

b. Targeted posts would be dedicated to learners, teachers, volunteers, parents/adults, donors; basically everyone between the ages of 13-65.
 
c. Create a new base by finding and engaging new learners/teachers/donors/volunteers in Africa. Starting from Nigeria, with over 200 million people. 

d. Post on all international days. 

e. Grow users to more than 15% of current base. 

f. Keep the average user engagement rate per post at 5%.. 
